good evening fellow gamers welcome to
another edition of jareth anissa gaming
i nosed ruthless the degree taking a
look at my barbarian and Ferno solo
build this is solely based on
survivability not that great for deeps
but let's go ahead and start it out for
my main fury builder i'm using frenzy
and that is solely due to the fact that
it is amazing deeps and if you have a
weapon that gives plus life on the hit
which you should this is a great
complement to it i use sidearm for big
groups of enemies it'll throw a little
axe thingy that flies through and deals
the same amount of damage and as a
twenty-five percent chance of cracking
then for my right click I have Furies
charged with the Dreadnought room
that'll heal me for every time I hit an
enemy with furious charge which is
amazing if you're getting surrounded you
can just right-click and bam back folio
so I have for my one key slot war cry
and increases armor by twenty percent
and then I've impunity which is few
person additional resistances while I
have war cry up which is amazing if you
have plus all resist on your gear which
you should and then I have my big
buttons wrath of the berserker with the
insanity room that is amazing for deeps
since you get a faster attack speed and
you deal 100% additional damage I have
that coupled with the earthquake and
path of fire earthquake earthquake
rocking wrath of the Berserker deals a
crap-ton of damage to anything and then
path of fire and it spreads out the
earthquake further pretty much and then
the main bread and butter would be
revenge with the provocation room that
is a thirty percent chance of making
revenge proc instead of fifteen percent
chance and revenge is pretty much what
you're going to need to survive an
inferno for getting surrounded and you
you have provocation you're just going
to get those constant constant prox to
heal you back up the full or heal your
rather
and if you are having difficulties
staying alive i would say swap out
earthquake for ignore pain and then
let's see I would say Ironhide would
probably be the best room that would
allow you to stay alive longer if you're
having difficulties with champion packs
that are hurting you way too much or
writers that are just obliterate in you
and for passive skills I got nerves of
steel for every one point of vitality
you get one armor that's pretty simple
armor reduces all damage dealt are all
damage taken rather and it's all damage
elemental or physical it's not defined
to one or the other it's all damage and
I've superstition it reduces all non
physical damage by twenty percent flat
out and then you gained three fury every
time you take Ranger them until tag
that's not even noticeable but that
twenty percent reduced non physical
damage is amazing so arcane enchanted
while they're dealing additional arcane
damage is being reduced as well and then
tough-as-nails increases our number
twenty five percent that is straight-up
damage reduction and bones damaged out
increased by fifty percent that's not so
noticeable but that twenty-five percent
additional armor is amazing so having
fury or having frenzy with plus life on
it is just purely amazing a follower
that i use the Barbarian is the
enchantress and she's got 2,300 dps
right now it's pretty sweet I have a
nice mace for her twenty 243
intelligence and the bill that i use for
the first skill is charm second skill is
powered armor that additional fifteen
percent armor which is amazing then then
i have erosion which is pretty much you
deal additional damage to enemies and
then focus mine three percent faster
attack speed so like i said the best way
to build your followers is to stack
their main stat so for enchantress i'd
be stacking intelligence because for
every one point of intelligence that
they give
it is x 2.5 for the followers so a 700
dps mace with no intelligence would be
utter crap or even an 800 dps maze I
might be pushing it but still no
intelligence is or no main stat would be
bad and then you want to stack strength
for the Templar and then dexterity for
the scoundrel and there you guys have it
so war cry rather the berserker revenge
and earthquake or ignore pain whichever
you prefer and then frenzy and dread not
now you guys go I hope this guide helped
you out a little bit and I will see you
guys next time